<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <title>People page </title>
    <style type="text/css">
        header {background-color:silver;}
        h1 { text-align:center;color:green;font-family:"Times New Roman";padding-top:20px}
        p{font-size:20px;text-align: justify;text-indent:30px}
        footer { background-color :silver ;height:75px;padding: 10px 10px 10px 10px}
        button {position: relative;top: 20px;left:45%}
    </style>
</head>
<body>
<header>
    <h1>Movie Tracker </h1>
    <h2 style="position :relative ;left :50px"> Overview page:</h2>
</header>
<p> This application is created by :  Elwaleed Elmana (H00241623)  , Mohamed Bast( H00200406)  ,Weam Hameed( H00245135) </p>
<p>Our application will give you what  you want to know about movies,where we create filters by year, directors,
    actors/actress, ratings. Plus we create top movies, recommendations user preferences page. </p>
<p>Our web app consist of  three pages:</p>
<p><a href="https://github.com/dqsust/Elwaleed-moviesHomePage">Home page</a>, this page created by Elwalled K Elmana,
    The home page contain an overview of all the new movies filtered by two main filters "Daily Tracker" and " popular" with there subcategories.
    used bootstrap CSS framwork including themes and JS style, with feature like:
    1-Toggle collapsed navigation bar header
    2- Drop down navigation menu
    3- buttons and forms with bootstrap themes.
    4- Main page comes with columns that represent the Movies with link to MovieSite </p>
<p><a href="https://github.com/mobaset/MovieSite"> The movie page</a>, is created by Mohamed Baset ,   that shows an overview of the movie, pic, movie trailer,
    cast information, lead actor, year, genre...etc.External files used: two image files
    and an embedded YouTube video.As well as the developer used bootstrap CSS framework plus custom style to override standard bootstrap style.
    In addation, he   used jQuery to hide and show some div elements when clicking on different navigation button. </p>
<p>In the <a href="Actors page.html">actors page </a>  ,which is created by Weam Hameed, information about thousands of actors and actress can be found . you can search
    about any actors you want. It gets it's information from the movie data base back service, using JSON format.
    the page contains update automatically by using AJAX. the client page will run throw web browser and its written by HTML, CSS, and java script.</p>
<footer>
    <button onclick="window.location.href='http://validator.w3.org/check?uri='+ window.location.href">Page validator</button>
</footer>
</body>
</html>